[IMP] l10n_th_withholding_tax: register a payment with multi invoices (#252)
OCA/l10n-thailand: l10n_th_withholding_tax/readme/USAGE.rst

**Note**

- if you configured withholding tax on product, it fill withholding tax in field WT automatic.

> - you can't register a payment with many partners, when there is withholding tax in line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for invoices with withholding tax,
    - you can't make payment to multiple invoices belongs to multiple partners.
    - you can only make payment to multiple invoices belongs to the same partner (using Group Payments).
```

Author: Edited.
